Database with tables
    table for voters and table for candidates

Voter table will store all the information user enters while registering
    Examples
        Name
        User ID
        Password
            Will we need a forgot password or reset password option?
        Sex
        Age
    What other information will we need?
        Do we need users to set a security question? How many?

Candidate table will store candidate information
    Will candidates register themselves? Will they be pre-registered?
    Examples
        Name
        Sex
        Age
        Count

Any other tables?
    Admin? 

How will we differentiate people when registering? 


DATABASE FUNCTIONS

New Admin Login Function
: Once the admin uses the admin, the application will prompt them to create a new password
: Password should be stored directly into the database(encrypted)

Random Key generator function
: should have functionality to create a random 16 letter/number key for both admins and users
: these should be stored in the appropriate table in the database (one for admin first login keys, one for one time user keys)

StoreInformation function
:should have parameters telling the function where to store the data and what data to store

UseKey function
:Function that finds the key that the user uses in the table(looking at both admin table and user table)
: the function should then purge the key used.

CheckKey function
: should have a key parameter (provided by the user) and check whether that key exists in the admin key table and the user table. 
: if key does exist, call the UseKey function, passing it the key parameter and log the user into the appropriate site. 

LoginToDatabase function
: should provide all information for the application to login to the database for data storage
: Possibly an access token, etc. 
: this will be one of the more challenging tasks. 

LogoutOfDatabase function (not sure if this is neccessary)
:Maybe logout of the DB when application shuts down?

UpdateDatabase function
: Should accept a parameter containing the user's votes (Probably coming from front end, right?)
: Should then access the database and add the vote to the appropriate table.(Table parameter to keep it modular?)


